Was it a good show today?
Yeah, OK.
Grandma Huang, are you satisfied with my opera troupe?
It's a very good show, well chosen and well sung.
Kim Chol, did you bother?
This is what the younger generation should do
I'm not like the thirteenth brother
Nothing was prepared.
I only know how to visit brothels all day
thirteen
What your brother said is true
Disease father emperor grandmother
Lantern Festival has indeed frequented Baihua Building recently
But
This is all in preparation for Grandma Huang's birthday banquet
Hmph, it's just nonsense
Don't tell me
You invited a group of brothel women to perform for Grandma Huang
Hey big brother
You really guessed it right
Are you insulting Grandma Huang?
3 What did you hit?
Forget it, don't panic
Don't worry.
My preparation will definitely surprise the Queen Mother
Come on, it's time to show real technology
Lantern Festival you are
This is specially prepared for Grandma Huang
Daqian slap
What's that?
Messy
Chen Yuanxiao, you are fooling around and don't look at the occasion